hey what's going on guys palawan and
today we are watching a very very fast
kem strike on the map Stonehaven that's
right you just heard fast kem strike and
Stonehaven in the same sentence
something that I literally thought when
this game came out that would never
happen I I had it set in my mind that we
were never ever going to see a chemist
Reich that was really fun to watch on
this map because this map is huge it is
battlefield 4 like had like this
transformation into college did he go
somehow it's something happened there I
don't know but this map is big and
carnage rondo of course breaks that
expectation of not being able to get a
fast kem strike on this map and he gets
one he gets a minute and 53 second kem
strike which is very fast don't I mean
it's not add super super fast kind of
strike you know but it's still decently
fast you guys seem to love the minute
and 32 minute and 50 kem strikes that we
post and here's one that's even an extra
special on Stonehaven and as very fast
gameplay it's very entertaining and it's
something different because you don't
see many of these at all on youtube I I
guarantee we have like the two fastest
you'll be seeing the two fastest
stonehaven kem strikes on youtube on the
carnage clinton channel because we
actually have another one that you guys
are get to see later on which isn't as
fast as this one but it's very
entertaining so yeah let's talk a little
bit about the gameplay about the player
so first off he's using the m27 which is
a very powerful gun we um have told you
guys this before this gun is very good
and we highly recommend using it you see
a lot of game plays on the carnage clin
channel with this gun it's a very good
gun very reliable an he lays down right
here and you look at this kill look at
these kills he gets shot at he's pulling
look at this triple kill he gets another
kill actually after that so it's a quad
I think but um very good and yeah the
player behind his gameplay though is
carnage rondo guys and I believe he's at
one or I believe he's at 500 subscribers
as of now let's see if we can get a
hundred of you guys to go over there
that would mean the world in it would
put a big smile on his face I know that
for a fact because you guys could really
help him out and he's got some amazed
gameplays you guys are gonna be seeing
in the future and some great stuff that
he has on his channel so make sure to go
over to his channel and check his
channel out before this video is over
and let's go for 250 likes on this video
I think we can do it I think we can get
250 likes for this fast stonehaven Tim
strike and by the way in the beginning
he did get a kill with the ER he killed
a dog which we left in there because
people are like oh he already has a
streak and you started the time already
or didn't start it but it's because he
killed a dog dogs and killing sentry
guns and stuff don't code towards your
kem strike just killing other players so
he was gonna pull 1 i'll see you guys
later